fix: flatten nested arrays in parseAbiParameters (#232)
wevm/abitype: .changeset/cool-buttons-rush.md

---
"abitype": patch
---

> Fix type detection when using an array in (encode|parse)AbiParameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed type detection when using an array in `ParseAbiParameters`
```
